Add information on NEST and multiprocessing (#1622)
nest/nest-simulator: doc/guides/parallel_computing.rst

 can yield 20-30% improvement in simulation speed. Finding the optimal thread number for a
 specific situation might require a bit of experimenting.

Multiprocessing
----------------

**Please do not use Python's multiprocessing package with NEST!**

NEST internally parallelizes network construction [1]_ and maintains internal data structures in this process. Running

> several ``ConnectLayers()`` calls simultaneously can lead to unpredictable results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for example several ``Connect()`` calls simultaneously can interfere with the internal
parallelization and will likely lead to unpredictable/wrong results.
```

 can yield 20-30% improvement in simulation speed. Finding the optimal thread number for a
 specific situation might require a bit of experimenting.

Multiprocessing
----------------

> **Using Python's ``multiprocessing`` package with NEST may lead to unpredictable results!**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Using Python's ``multiprocessing`` module with NEST may lead to unpredictable results!**
```
